well sharuk dawat has been released by
the Israelis after spending eight years
in prison she spoke of her surprise at
being
freed to be liberated I didn't expect
that I would be released this year even
though my mom always said I have a
feeling my daughter that this year is
going to be the year of freedom for you
and I believed my mom and I believed
with the feelings of my mom and I stayed
strong all these years for my mom for my
family for my dad for everyone I stayed
strong and seriously we give the message
to the people of Gaza that stay
steadfast we are always our hearts with
you
seriously the price for Glory is very
high but we are people that we can
create miracles from our Bain and there
is always a challenge but we are always
determined I also want to give a message
to the prisoners that I left behind me
please stay strong and as I was released
while I was sentenced for 16 years and
for the girls who are life sentence I
can tell you that stay strong be patient
and believe me there it will be a
release soon God
willing